goodbye
later dood
have a nice day
now get to work ok? 
shay bob thanks you
go do some research
shay bob.  it's a good thing
you are making me hungry
you look like a million bucks
please take me back to england
i was born in Edinburgh not san diego
your new balance is negative one million pounds.  just kidding
A closed mouth gathers no foot
A day without sunshine is like night
A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction
A radioactive cat has a-teen half lyevs
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy
After a number of decimal places, nobody gives a damn
Air is water with holes in it
All I ask is a chance to prove that money can not make me happy
All I want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power
All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors
All things are possible, except skiing thru a revolving door
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts
Always borrow money from a pessimist -- he does not expect to be paid back
Always remember that you are unique -- Just like everyone else
Am I ranting? I hope so. My ranting gets raves
Among e con omists, the real world is often a special case
An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible
An elephant is a mouse with an operating system
An eye dee-ah is not responsible for the people who believe in it
And on the seventh day, He exited from uh pend mode
Any clod can have the facts, but having oh pinions is an art
Anything free is worth what you pay for it
Anything is good and useful if it is made of chocolate
Apathy is not the problem, it is the solution
Art is anything you can get away with
Art is either plagerism or revolution
As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code
Avoid reality at all costs
Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers
Beware of computerized fortune-tellers!
Beware of low-flying butterflies
Blessed are the young for they shall inherit the national debt
Cauliflower is nothing but Cabbage with a colledge Education
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health
Cleanliness is next to impossible
Clo ning is the sincere est form of flattery
Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius
Computer Science is merely the post-Turing decline in formal systems theory
Computer programmers do it byte by byte
Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers
Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good
Consciousness is vastly overrated
Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?
Do not believe in miracles 
Do not feed the bats tonight
Do not kiss an elephant on the lips today
Do not look back, the lemmings are gaining on you
Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing
Drive defensively. Buy a tank
Due to lack of disk space, this fortune database has been discontinued
E Pluribus Unix
Earth is a bay ta site
Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow they may make it illegal
Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work
Eggheads unite! You have nothing to lose but your yolks
Eighty percent of all people consider themselves to be uh buv average drivers
Error in operator -- add beer
Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it
Every time I think I know where it is at, they move it
Everybody is somebody else's weirdo
Everything should be built top-down, except the first time
Expect the worst, it is the least you can do
Experience is something you do not get until just after you need it
Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones
Experience is what you get when you were expecting something else
Experience varies directly with e quipment ruined
Facts are stubborn, but statistics are more pliable
Feel disillusioned? I've got some great new illusions.
Feelings are cascading over me
Five is a sufficiently close approximation to infinity
Food for thought is no substitute for the real thing
For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill
For some reason, this fortune reminds everyone of Marvin Zelkowitz
For twenty dollars, I'll give you a good fortune next time .
For your penance, say five Hail Marys and one loud BLAH!
Furious activity is no substitute for understanding
Gee, Toe toe, I do not think we are in Kansas anymore
Give me the Luxuries, and the Hell with the Necessities!
Given a choice between two theories, take the one which is funnier
Glazed donuts are the building blocks of the universe
Good leaders being scarce, follow ing yourself is allowed
Good news -- Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day
Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance
Great minds run in great circles
Hacking is just another word for nothing left to klooge
Happiness is having a scratch for every itch
Happiness is not something you experience; it is something you remember
Hard work may not kill you, but why take chances?
Have an adequate day
Have you reconsidered a computer career?
Help fight continental drift
Help me, I am a prisoner in a Fortune cookie file!
Help stamp out and abolish redundancy
Help! I am trapped in a Penteum ninety!
Hey! Who took the cork off my lunch??!
Hindsight is an exact science
Highzenburg may have slept here
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense
How do you explain school to a higher intelligence?
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers
Hummingbirds never remember the words to songs
I am more bored than you could ever possibly be
I am not an e con omist. I am an honest man!
I bet the human brain is a klooge
I can reed your mind, and you should be ashamed of yourself
I can resist anything but temptation
I didn't know it was impossible when I did it
I do not have any solution but I certainly admire the problem
I do not mind going nowhere as long as it is an interesting path
I doubt, therefore I might be
I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it
I just became one with my browser software
I just felt a paradigm shift
I just need enough to tide me over until I need more
I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent
I need something in a heavy cream sauce
I never met a piece of chocolate I didn't like
I often quote myself; it adds spice to my conversation
I think I am having a mid-week crisis
I would love to go out with you, but I am having all my plants neutered
I would love to go out with you, but I am taking punk totem pole carving
I would love to go out with you, but I have to floss my cat
I would love to go out with you, but it is my parakeet's bowling night
I would love to go out with you, but my favorite commercial is on TV
I would rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong
If you can not beat your computer at chess, try kick box ing
If you can not say something nice, say something surrealistic
If you knew what you were doing you'd probably be bored
If you're feeling good, do not worry. You'll get over it
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died
Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment
Reality distorts my sense of television
Virtual reality is not what it used to be
When all else fails, reed the instructions
You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive
